hi I'm Morgan from Whole Lotta Love calm
today I'm going to show you how to make
a recipe that was suggested to us by one
of our social media followers and it's
called the s p-- racino he said that
this has become quite a cult favorite
among the European soccer community
here's what you'll need some Nutella a
double shot of espresso two ounces of
steamed milk and some cocoa powder okay
so the first step to making this drink
is to just take the Nutella and line the
inside of your cup with it now an ASP
racino is very similar to a maraschino
which is also an Italian drink similar
in size that has chocolate espresso and
steamed milk so just do the best you can
to get a nice coating of that Nutella I
think that looks pretty good okay now
you're gonna take the cocoa powder and
just sprinkle a little bit of that right
into the bottom of the glass okay now
we're ready for the espresso we're using
the proper technique hundred which is a
heat exchange machine so in this machine
you want to flush it before brewing to
remove any overheated water I'm brewing
with Lavazza super crema which is
perfect for this drink because it's an
Italian coffee and we're making an
Italian drink on the Prophet Jack I do
have the ability to both brew and steam
at the same time if I wanted to but I'm
gonna do them separately here so you can
see both
we look at that shot lots of nice
delicious crema
all right our shot is all set now we're
gonna steam our milk now remember you
always want to purge your steam lines
before see me milk all right so when she
knows you really want to get that air in
early and then get a nice roll going to
get that air mixed in and create a nice
microphone so I'm going to continue
heating that milk with the roll just
until the pitcher is starting to become
uncomfortable to hold
okay just gonna give this little swirl
to mix it up and now you just pour it
right on top of your espresso then you
top it with a little bit more cocoa
powder okay now time to taste it mmm
it's really good I can see why this is a
favorite who doesn't love the
combination of coffee and chocolate and
I just love Nutella so this is
definitely one of my new favorites again
this is the espresso you know and I'm
Morgan from whole latte love thanks for
watching hey why not subscribe now for
easy free access to more videos on
everything coffee
brought to you by whole latte love com